Warm Up
With your breakout members, discuss and agree on answers to each of these questions...
(expect to be randomly called on to answer these questions)


What is ES6 and why is it useful?
It's a modified approach to writing functions to streamline the results.  Makes things easier to read an write.
(syntactical sugar).


Why are map, filter and reduce methods useful?
Helps condence the code and allows for transformed values without mutating the original value.  Also allow's you to chain the methods to get detailed returns


What are JS Promises and why are they useful?
Ensures asynchronus behavior multiple requests and custom promises
Provides a more standardized language to do those things...which help make things more simple


What is node and why is it useful?
node allows you to interact with javascript from the terminal, and allows it to run in a separate runtime environment
Example allows you to write backend logic by being able to utilize node.


What is npm and why is it useful?
node package management allows us to manage downloads for libraries and manage the packages themselves so that we don't have to build everything from scratch.
We're able to install a lot of different tools and be up and running quickly


In an npm project, what is the purpose of the node_modules folder?
The node_modules folder holds the libraries and plugins from the packages in one location


In an npm project, what is the purpose of the package.json file?
It's the project manager file that
It's a manifest - list of things that we need


What is Babel and why is it useful?
Babel is a transpiler...transpiles es6 to es5


What is Webpack and why is it useful?
Webpack is a tool to bundle js to spit out to main.js file
Able to use transpilers with module bundling, Mainly bundles projects together

ex:
our-code.js
bootstrap.js
jquery.js
lodash.js
mapbox.js
..
..
..
webpack rolls up all of this code and spits it out to a single file of code that communicates to our html
Keeps it separated in a way that makes it less complicated...
